[MUSIC]
>> Nina Zakharenko: So
I have my JavaScript here.
I have three different kinds of
statements that will help put results and
they're all commented out.
So we can un-comment them one by one.
Let's see what happens.
So when I run this code,
I get a super annoying dialog
box when I uncomment this out.
And if you don't want that dialog
box popping up every time you
can put that comment back in front of it.
This will write directly to the HTML page.
>> Nina Zakharenko: And
this will log to the console.
As you see though, nothing happened, and
that's because we don't
have our console open.
So if we go to view, Developer,
and the JavaScript console,
we'll see our output right here.
>> Student 1: Nina,
Eduardo is wondering
your opinion about having
to deal with JavaScript being disabled and
developing a non-JavaScript version.
>> Nina Zakharenko: It's always a risk.
But my thought on it is unless
you're writing code for
corporate use,
in that case you know Java script is
going to be disabled ahead of time.
If your code's just out there, it's like,
if a person chooses to have Java
script off that's their choice, there's
really not much you can do about it.
There are some mobile browsers that
might not be able to parse it and
if those are your users,
you should try to take care of them.
>> Student 2: I'll say that at Reddit we
do not have a non JavaScript
version of the site.
We assume that our users have JavaScript
because we've looked at our analytics and
much over 90% of them, in fact,
closer to 97% of our users
have JavaScript enabled.
>> Nina Zakharenko: If you don't,
you might be using an ancient computer
that might not be able to parse the site
anyway, or you're doing as choice,
in which case...
>> Student 2: Some of the browser
manufacturers are even
talking about just removing
the ability to disable JavaScript.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yeah.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So
does everyone see that
hello console down here?
Okay, for several of the future exercises
we're gonna be using this console to,
let's see,